 We just have a few things and we can't provide an update in terms of where we are but we don't know if any of us legislate it is, we don't have a representative from these chambers. We do have a program which is... So, let's make a start, people. So, we've got the future. Yeah. What can she do? You're asking about to ask. Sometimes we... Yes, we are ready. Okay, alright, so... Let's play. It's free? Indeed. Which one? Which one? Not all of them. You can do it, you know. The guy is a junior to me. I'm older, so he's a junior to me, that's right. Let's play. Father, thank you for life. Thank you for strength. Thank you for health. We have such a guide us as we go for this meeting. And which is his name? Amen. Yes, so... Manager, before we start, I would like to clarify. Before we go forward, I would like to know the composition of the body. How it operates, whether it was a board that was appointed by cabinet or by cabinet, and we were appointed here, and then from there, then everybody here from the board, from the appointed here are members of the board. And if any one of us are sick and we are from one of the different organizations, we're going to write to you or call you and let you know somebody will get this. I think that's how it is. Yes. So, okay, so the body is appointed by cabinet. There is a chairperson and a deputy chairperson and representative from different associations. So that is the composition of the board. However, persons, if you are appointed to the board, you can also get somebody to represent you in your absence. You just mean that certain things, if it's a vote, something's going to be done. So that's how the board operates. I also want to inform you that the term of the board is coming to an end and we will be making recommendations to cabinet again before we get to the new board. So that should be going to cabinet at the end of this panel. Thank you. So then automatically what I am saying is that the Ministry of Tourism, as it sits there now on this board, which I was a member of, the Ministry of Tourism. Is it something we can take out any other business? No, no, no, we need to take it out. We need to take it out, because we need to clarify that. I'm not saying we will not deal with it. No, because we need to clarify that because the board is coming to an end and we don't run away from it. I have the same right like you, like everybody else on the board. Sorry. Like everybody else, as everybody else. You know, it's not the time because when it's not the time. So this thing there is that if the TTRC, based on what I know, the TTRC is the one that sits that regulates the tourism taxes. And the chairman of the TTRC is the chairman, is the permanent secretary in the Ministry of Tourism. So when directives come from the TTRC, it is brought here by the chairman of the TTRC, which sits on that board for clarification on whatever it is. I see something very unusual is happening here. And it's happened for the whole two or three days. Where I see the Ministry of Tourism, we don't have somebody like a consultant doing things on our behalf. The Ministry of Tourism, the DPS represent the Ministry of Tourism here. So I am saying, I saw, she have accompanied her, somebody to discuss about TX and whatever, whatsoever, whatsoever. I am saying in my humble opinion, this is wrong. This is wrong. I am saying if it's wrong, it was you. So Mr. Lucian, okay, so let's get to the bottom of that. Yes. So if something is happening, the tourism can send somebody to make a presenter report to do certain little things, to make clarifications and stuff like that. So Mr. Timothy, that's what he comes to present, the report in terms of the transition to the TX. And that is his role. He don't have anything in terms of making any votes, any kind of thing that... But he sits under, he sits still. But let me say this. What I am saying to you is that at the absence of the DPS, Timothy can't sit on behalf of the TX. But so well, so well, so well. No, no, that's not a transition. It is. Okay, Mr. Lucian, I'm noted. Yes. We've noted what you said. We will look into it. We will make sure that in our new composition, whatever, we put certain structures in place. And if that is something that's going to happen in this country, that somebody can represent somebody, or somebody can accompany somebody to make a presenter report or that kind of thing. And that's not a report. It is for the purpose of the transition. Okay, so can we... That is not a report. Okay, so it's noted. Julie noted. Thank you, Mr. Lucian. Not a report. Mr. Lucian. Thank you. Meeting call to other country goes through the minutes of the last meeting. So minutes of the last meeting. Page one, do we have any errors or missions? Yes, there was an error. I think that's not someone's name. I think it's an error. Oh, my name. And the name? Steven's. Steven's. And also there was another error here. I don't know where it came from. And there was also another error on page one. Okay, it's probably just my name. Okay, page two. There's one error. It's just now. It's on page one. The same name. We have Mr. Lucian. All right. Exactly. Lucian, thank you. So it was those two names. Right. It was those two names. Correct. I said Lucian. Lucian, thank you. I'm going to reset the center. I'm going to reset the center. Like, we'll see you in life moment. I'll take this picture, Mr. Lucian. No, but we just missed an error. The friendship is going on there. I remember the last meeting when I came in. What was the mission? The errors of the missions of when I came in there, they had only gone through the minutes. I asked whether the errors or missions were looked through the minutes. You said matters arising at the end. The matters arising. You said everything is okay. Yes, we did. So then who put my name there? It was not like that in the last meeting? No. This time around, the minutes don't reflect your correct name and also my name. That's all. So who put my name there? Because just the type in error. Type in error. Type in error. Type in error. Actually, my name is Stephen. The same page one. We have a certain general. It's named as one group. It is the spacing. I think it's the spacing because of... I think when they... Is it... Anything else on page one? Page two? Yes. So that's an error. An error in page... When you write this page, three key decisions. But you were not there. No, he was the one who spoke. So he has to indicate what was actually said. So he can... So it doesn't have to be done by you. I was not there. I wasn't present at the meeting. I was not. So he did. And he was the one who said those words. When was that? When was that? The last meeting. The one before that. Because he was not reflected. Can we proceed please? Thank you very much, Manje. So page three key decisions. Where we discuss the matter of spouses. I'm seeing that the key decision is not reflected accurately into the work we discussed. That the spouse should be treated as an individual. African provided that there would be an ownership. Of a single... It's missing one part where I was an after-instructed by the God that we should also confirm that the two individuals are engaged in separate and distinct operations. If there is any evidence of joint operations that they should be treated as one. Okay. So that was the decision that was made. So on a point of... So just to expand on that... Can you see? When you just start something that was omitted because this correction only reflects a grammatical thing and not what was actually said. So it's an omission. It was two things. So after the school stop, provided that the two individuals are operating distinct... well, distinctly, two distinct operations. You may have to vote it properly, but... Separate and distinct operations. Yes, distinct operations. And that if the ministry discovers that the two individuals are operating the same business enterprise they should be treated as one. So the only way you will treat a husband and a wife separately is if they have distinct operations. Otherwise it should be treated jointly. That's what I was instructed to make sure we verify and confirm before we submit applications separately. And the reason I bring it up here is because we do have applications in there where it's a husband and a wife. Okay. That's all on page two. Yes, page three. Page four. Page five. Page six. Okay, so page six, five. So then we have somebody to move a motion to accept the minutes. So we have... Adam. Adam. Adam. Adam. Adam. Adam. Adam. Adam. Adam. Adam. Adam. I was going to last time but not... That's Sandy for that. Right, correct. That was her last time. I was. I was going to leave on the camera and I was there. I'll second. Yes, I was there. Okay, thank you. I just got a note from Yeji's representative. She's on show with us. Oh, that's good news. Okay, so... So we had a... Okay, so Amata is arising. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. But I will also present it on the screen. So you can have a picture of it. Yes. That's the one. All right. I have a sense for others. So it is a little too much. So you're going to make a presentation. What I will do is share it on the screen in case you don't have a copy. I will share it so you can see it. Okay. And is it that we're doing new permits or is it that we don't have a copy? Is it that we're doing transition? Transition. That's the final transition. Is that meeting here also going to address the committee aspect? Yes. Hopefully, yes. Because we're going to get from the last presentation. Okay, people, let's continue. Okay. So what do we have? Just on the garage inspection and certification. We had another consultation session. It was very fruitful. We reviewed the form that will be used to assess the garages. And we have made some amendments to it. Still in draft. So hopefully by next meeting we present it. It was a fruitful session. And with Mr. Howard Binet, I just wish to thank him. And the team members for attending. Mrs. Debo. Mrs. Debo. She's looking out for me. She's here to focus on me. Yeah, I think so. Yes. Okay. I think it is more fun to say that I do commend the ministry. And also to make mention and representation on the board. It's been quite an initiative. And I think it's the first time that we have seen that measure of effort on the part of the ministry, as well as the adjoining agencies, to assist us in being able to streamline and standardize the processes at the garages and the infrastructure and personnel that actually supports it. So I will keep saying it well done. And if we ask it, it's also one that is a work in progress. And we continue along those lines. The R, I just wanted to know if it has moved beyond what was left. So do you plan to have other consultations as well? The R? Yeah, with current. So because some of the current company did approach me and in my mind I know we will support that. Okay. So we have made, I think, my two attempts to bring them together. Okay. No need assistance. If you need assistance in mobilizing, we will certainly, we are available. We are available. Thank you. We just, we didn't want to just construct them. During the transition, this is the deal. Yes. Yes. In terms of how the process will work, how we want to roll it out. Yes. One time frame. But we've not had any luck in actually getting them the few times we've attempted. Well, we can, we can, we can assist. Maybe two companies indicated. Oh, we can assist. We can do that. Let us know when you're ready and then we can. We want to get it started before the. Your ends? No. Financially. Before the end of this financially. Okay. All right. We don't have much time. Yes. Yes. It may not necessarily be this calendar year. Okay. But we should start now. Hopefully we can get them started. Yeah. But. The rollout. Right. So, but yeah. We did follow the. To your R for the route safety committee. And I think some. You provide it back to I guess a little later we will go into. Anything else? Okay. So if we have nothing else, we will move on. Okay, so if we have nothing else, we will move on to our agenda item number three, students of taxi permits. So, Mrs. Adams? Yes, yes, thank you. So please allow us and direct your attention to the screen, for those who don't have a hard copy here. Okay, so good morning. For those who don't have a hard copy, and those who have, I see some people who have hard copies, but there has been an update to that question from the last meeting. I will start with the reassignment list, because it's shorter and more straightforward. Good. Are we going to discuss those companies, given plates and everything the other day? So I'm showing it on the screen now. So we are labeling all of those lists as final, and as we discussed in the last meeting, we are hoping that we can see after this meeting that we have technically close what is called the transition of each place. And thereafter, we have to move into another phase. When it comes to approval of TX permits, it will follow a more regular process, right? So it's not the transition from an H to a TX, but you're applying for your TX permit. So that is coming to a close in this session here, except for any already directed by cabinet regarding all of those each place that will not approve, and those who are still coming for, because we get applications every week for each place to transition, and we cannot do it perpetually. So this is our official final batch, which is why we try our best to put as many as possible. Even though we have issues with ourselves, we put it there for consideration by the board. So it's not every item that necessarily is meeting all of the criteria. So I'll go through one by one so you can see. So reassignments, we all know reassignments is from one number, someone who's wishing to request a number that is already owned by another person. The first one is Calixtamossier. TX1035 belonging to her stepfather who was retired, and she claims to be self-employed. Now, as you saw in the minutes, we were instructed that if a husband and a wife applies separately, then there should be a distinction between the operations in order to treat them separately, because eventually you can have a husband and a wife having two plates and two drinks for in the same business. And in that manner, they even having